From: Murray S. Kucherawy <msk@trusteddomain.org>
To: opendmarc-announce@trusteddomain.org, opendmarc-users@trusteddomain.org
Subject: OpenDMARC v1.3.0 released

The Trusted Domain Project is pleased to announce the availability of
OpenDMARC v1.3.0, now available for download from SourceForge.

This is mainly a bug fix release, but it does contain one important new
feature.  Upgrade is recommended.

The full RELEASE_NOTES for this version, showing changes since the last
release:

1.3.0		2014/07/31
	Integrated SPF checking is now available through the new
		SPFSelfValidate and SPFIgnoreResults settings.
	Feature request #79: Optionally ignore clients that authenticated
		using SMTP AUTH.
	Fix bug #60, part II: Default AuthservID to the name provided by the
		MTA, not the local host name, which is consistent with what
		OpenDKIM does.  Suggested by Robbert Klarenbeek.
	Fix bug #72: Don't crash when From fields are absent.  Patch from
		Andreas Schulze.
	Fix bug #74: Change "Forensic" to "Failure" just about everywhere
		to match the language now being used in the base DMARC
		draft.  Note that this also changes some names in the
		configuration file.
	Fix bug #75: Correct typo in MIME of forensic reports.  Reported by
		Julian Mehnle.
	Fix bug #76: Repair damage with respect to Authentication-Results
		header field selection.  Reported by Todd Lyons.
	Fix bug #77: Request quarantine from the MTA during option
		negotiation.  Reported by Richard Platel.
	Fix bug #78: Add missing newline in forensic report header.
	Fix bug #90: Make "--with-sql-backend" without any value do the
		right thing.  Reported by Scott Kitterman.
	Fix bug #93: Honor size limits in URIs.  Patch from Tomki Camp.
	Make "smime" and "rrvs" legal Authentication-Results methods.
	Provide better logging when pclose() for a forensic report returns
		non-zero.  Problem noted by Michael Nausch.
	Add configuration support for internal SPF checks.  Includes hooks in
		the milter to check that SPF is configured to do so.
		This can use a private SPF implementation or libspf2.
	Fix strlcat() and strlcpy() support for Debian.  Patch from Scott
		Kitterman.
	REPORTS: Feature request #80: Generate aggregate reports on UTC
		day boundaries.  Requested by Tomki Camp.
	REPORTS: Feature request #84: Optionally expire old data from
		lower-growth tables.  Requested by Christoph Steindl.
	REPORTS: Fix bug #70: Fix date range generation in reports.  Patch
		from Karol Augustin.
	REPORTS: Fix bug #82: Fix recording of report timestamp to avoid lost
		records.  Reported by Christoph Steindl.
	REPORTS: Fix bug #83: When expiring data, truncate the signatures table
		if all messages were expired.  Reported by Christoph Steindl.
	REPORTS: Fix bug #85: Report subdomain policy.  Patch from
		Christoph Steindl.
	LIBOPENDMARC: Fix bug #71: Fix "rua" extraction from DMARC records
		Problem noted by Karol Augustin.
	LIBOPENDMARC: Added support for milter to perform own spf checks.
		Three new files: opendmarc_spf.c, opendmard_spf_dns.c and
		test/test_spf.cl, allow integrated SPF support.  Support for
		use of libspf2 is also provided.

Please use the mailing lists at http://www.trusteddomain.org/ to report
problems, make suggestions, or ask questions.  The ticketing system at
SourceForge is not yet available for general use by the community.

The Trusted Domain Project
