			OPENDMARC RELEASE NOTES

This listing shows the versions of the OpenDMARC package, the date of
release, and a summary of the changes in that release.

1.0.0		2012/07/??
	Initial release.

0.1.4		2012/07/14
	Fix up the MIME syntax in AFRF reports.  Patch from Andreas Schulze.
    	Remove dmarcf_dkim_select(); logic has been moved into libopendmarc.
	Fix Authentication-Results field syntax.
	Don't generate an AFRF report on other than "reject" and "quarantine"
		results.
	Fix a test mode crash condition, and initialize a few minor things
		before entering test mode so AFRFs come out cleaner.
    	Add "ReportCommand" to the valid configuration file item list.
	Ignore "header.i" when parsing DKIM authentication results.  We only
		care about "header.d".
	Check for return status of opendmarc_policy_query_dmarc() and do
		the right thing with it.
	BUILD: Include the "db" directory.
	REPORTING: Drop XML::Generator and do it by hand, since we need to
		generate the array of DKIM signature data (there can be more
		than one) as a sub-query.
	LIBOPENDMARC: If the From: domain didn't have a DMARC policy and
		there's no Organizational Domain available, return the
		correct result code.

0.1.3		2012/07/13
	Fix up MIME in forensic reports.  Patch by Andreas Schulze.

0.1.2		2012/07/11
	LIBOPENDMARC: Use strlcat()/strlcpy().
	BUILD: Add -lresolv where needed in more places (libopendmarc unit
		tests this time).  Problem noted by Andreas Schulze.
	BUILD: Split filter checks and live library checks into different
		"--enable" flags.  Problem noted by Andreas Schulze.
	BUILD: Actually do something with "--disable-filter".  Problem
		noted by Andrew Birchall.

0.1.1		2012/07/10
	LIBOPENDMARC: Add strlcat() and strlcpy() if not provided in libc.
		Problem noted by Andreas Schulze.
	REPORTS: Fix generated XML format ("auth_results" is a sibling of
		"row", not a child of it).  Reported by John Levine.
	BUILD: Add -lresolv where needed.  Problem noted by Andreas Schulze.
	BUILD: Clean up an errant "configure" line.  Problem noted by
		Andreas Schulze.

0.1.0		2012/07/09
	Initial Beta release.
